remember when we first met captain Tom
or I remember it very vividly
he absolutely lit up our mornings didn't
he it was on Good Friday and went out
with a really humble ambition he wanted
to raise 1000 pounds for the NHS and he
was going to do it by walking a hundred
laps around his garden because and he
wanted to do it before his hundredth
birthday which is at the end of this
month and this morning is a very special
morning because we're going to meet him
once again that total now stands at over
11 million pounds every time I say that
out loud it's just the most
extraordinary thing a thousand two a
minute 11 million Oh No look it's
approaching 12 million that's the
website man every time I've looked back
at that site to see where I'm just
staggered just staggered and Tom did all
the time paying tribute to those who are
giving money for his endeavors he is
today going to complete his final lap
he's doing the last 10 laps on the
program this morning we're going to show
it to you live in case you don't know
about Tom's story here's John McGuire
with it
lovely story coming up a 99 year old war
veteran has decided to walk 100 lengths
of his back garden he wants to raise
money for the NHS good morning we first
met captain Tom Moore last Friday and
since then he's turned into a national
treasure and a national hero today even
if today was alright that's the way
tomorrow will be a good day the second
world war veteran had a new mission to
complete
hundred laps in his garden before his
hundredth birthday his aim was to help
those on the front line of the corona
virus pandemic they've done so well for
me under doing so well for everybody all
so the moment that I think we must say
well done no service his initial
fundraising target of a thousand pounds
has been dwarfed in just 24 hours
captain Tom raised seventy thousand but
that was just the beginning
from local radio to national press and
international broadcasters his story has
inspired thousands around the globe
messages of support have been pouring in
captain Tom you're an inspiration to us
all
[Music]
what you are doing for the NHS is is
inspiring it's extraordinary and you are
what this country is all about a true
hero an absolute legend another 45,000
pounds has gone in and with every
well-wisher came donations we caught up
with the family on Tuesday language
we're still able to express number one
off thanks to the nation and and our our
pride I think we are immensely proud and
amazing hobbled captain Tom wanted to
give a message of hope and positivity
for everyone staying at home again step
by every single step captain tom is
getting ever closer to his 100th lamb
just two weeks before he turns 100 but
he says he's not going to stop there Oh
keep on going
well people are still contributing to
the national service
[Music]
see the headlines as they happen and
watch BBC News live in the app and get
the full story with BBC dog code at UK
forward slash news follow the story for
all the latest with BBC News